i'ma give it to you this nigga in the
kitchen nigga got long break and hit you
from long distance nigga on my bad bitch
what's up with my GPL niggas please hit
the like button please subscribe to the
channel follow me on twitch Twitter
Instagram all that shit man I have the
account be ready for the tournament
tomorrow I will be releasing the details
tomorrow so please be ready coming down
below tell me what you think about this
video and anything like that what's this
gameplay from a stream and anything like
that as you see we gonna get against the
big cash Flyers you feel me and the
reason why call these think it's the big
fires because lit these new forgot
bounty on my fucking hair bright you
think I plant rubber clipper brother
10,000 vc dad are alive on this nigga
Moby hair boy tell me how British your
personal brand this shit is personal man
and then when I say this personal is
personal nigga who these niggas make me
mad man I'm telling him and evening has
been leaving comments on me breath
talking about weeks day been added me
man every time I play of flowers they
ask naomi where they they all my head
right I just tryna and prayer that's all
i gotta say breath you feel me but they
got the one point in anything like that
we endow you in the rebound I'm the my
partner atg well I really don't know him
like that but he wasn't one of my videos
or so when I first made some idea the
animation now he's crazy this is crazy
this is hey really I guess I think of my
look my lucky charm no I'm over this
thing my lucky charm or something like
that right cuz this shit is crazy he was
in my first video when I first made
somebody to the animation though that's
crazy but yeah in this video just get it
pop it in there anything like that be
four me two or three to score 2 or 3 and
right now I would just let my teammates
and stuff like that go to work on these
days where I wasn't really trying to go
to work cuz i know these niggas gang
having me but i got an open lane you
know CBO's Dalbir this this is my 66
point guard in the acting like that so
I'm just trying to focus together a plus
like that in a baby in this little nigga
right here we're at scored 44 American
like that I got two points in anything
tame it made a good pass and stuff score
four or five you know I'm telling my
teammates locked up in there anything
like that wish I got the ball he coming
up the court shot you know we're shot
gonna do what he do cuz he got the
jumper though he got the candy it dead
out here snicker breath did I miss God
and I don't even have to get our bad
script I got bad hair did I before I a
Deadeye bruh that makes sense no but you
feel me I'm gone to random the ramen
noodle niggas for me and uh he just
trying to do each other take me to round
oh hi he didn't get that shit like right
what else might if this was my small for
ebuddy got that shit box shower passing
me I'll pass the atg you got the candy
breakfast you feel me everything I want
coming up that candy I mean to rob you
know but he and I'm shooting at and
stuff I don't know what 80gb was doing
leave left has been wide open anything
like that so um 8 27 and I'm just trying
to do my thing and I'm gonna turn over
in there they try and do my thing in the
internal you know so he'd know Ali in
there can i get a TG snatch that shit I
ain't having that cuz you know that
cowboy style giddy up man Wow told you
he got the Candy Man y'all make sure
y'all don't add these people that play
and make sure y'all go add them up bang
1007 let's get it you know 10 or seven
right here the Flyers the fires what
they gonna do with it oh can we get a
turnover oh no we can't get a turnover
oh this thing shot behind the backboard
that I shows in Memphis shakedown like a
shakedown look at this shit plate
throwing laughs and acting like they're
these niggas is a blur just Bob cheese
in it that's it bruh Tim at eight right
here it's the Passover shot shot I don't
know what are you gonna do with it
buddying up getting shit block right
there down the fat is breaking anything
and look at this stain of listening but
you hear the music American like that
I'm coming for that blow it's time for
me to take over man this tick check mark
get your last drop hold on your last rap
nigga no get your eyes drop drop oh my
god right drop that nigga rest payback
know hey they ain't you gotta up their
bounty right y'all gotta up that bounty
put 200,000 on my head I just drop under
your bitch-ass flyers even though I
missed the shot that gun like that but
it's cool though you can be caught her
body caught this nigga ankles from
anything like that I don't want your
sides giving up ankles I said oh now I
gotta go on one now yeah I gotta go on
but they end up squirm right here make
the squirt he left with Tim and it was
too close of a game I couldn't lose this
game right here couldn't lose the game
so I throw a pick you make that come on
put me on a line you not got the kid
that got show up the candy I gotta show
the Candy Man you know I can't lose this
game I got five points 2 rebounds one
assist score 13 10 he shoulda three end
up missing my give me this ball right
here let me get this game over way cuz I
don't like the fliers but tournament
coming tomorrow be ready if you like
this video please hit the like button
please subscribe you know what y'all
know what y'all know what sells gonna
get that legend right yourselves go get
that legend hey
my mother fucking having it today